1. As a user, I can do redirection for mkdir command without creating any new files

2. As a user, I can do redirection for cd command without creating any new files

3. As a user, I can do redirection for ls command and put the result into the target file

4. As a user, I can do redirection for pwd command and put the result into the target file

5. As a user, I can type in mv command to move a file to a new path

6. As a user, I can do redirection for mv command without creating any new files

7. As a user, I can type in cp command and copy a file to a new path

8. As a user, I can do redirection for cp command without creating any new files

9. As a user, I can do redirection for the cat command and put the result into the target file

10. As a user, I can do the get URL command to download a file from a certain website

11. As a user, I can do redirection to the get URL command and put the
    result into the target file

12. As a user, I can do the redirection to the echo command and put the
    result into the target file

13. As a user, I can do the redirection to the man command and put the
    result into the target file

14. As a user, I can do the redirection to the pushd command without
    creating any new files

15. As a user, I can do the redirection to the popd command without
    creating any new files

16. As a user, I can do the redirection to the history command and put the
    result into the target file

17. As a user, I can save a file into the real file system on the computer

18. As a user, I do redirection for the save FileName command without
    creating any new files

18. As a user, I can load a file and reinitialize the Jshell at the start

19. As a user, I can do redirection for the load FileName command without
    creating any new files

20. As a user, I can find something that I want by searching the file system

21. As a user, I can do redirection for the find command and put result into
    a target file

22. As a user, I can get the tree structure of the filesystem

23. As a user, I can do the redirection to the tree command and put the
    tree structure into the target file